Iau server upgrade #1214471 (#2441) (#2480)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/server-intro.adoc

{productname} uses an [literal]``X.Y.Z`` versioning schema.
To determine which upgrade procedure you need, look at which part of the version number is changing.

[NOTE]
====

> The version number below are just examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version numbers below are just examples.
```

Do not understand them as most recent available options.

> {suse} uses these numbers for illustrative purposes only!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{suse} uses these numbers for illustrative purposes only.
```

====

Major Version Upgrade (X Upgrade)::

> Such a major upgrade usually is an upgrade from X.Y to X+1.0 or to X+1.1, where Y is the latest minor version of the X series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Major upgrade is usually an upgrade from X.Y to X+1.0 or to X+1.1, where Y is the latest minor version of the X series.
```

For example:

> * From version 3.2 to 4.0 or to 4.1 (upgrading directly from 3.2 to 4.2 or later is s not supported).

Author: ```suggestion
* From version 3.2 to 4.0 or to 4.1 (upgrading directly from 3.2 to 4.2 or later is not supported).
```

* See xref:installation-and-upgrade:server-x.adoc[].

Minor Version Upgrade (Y Upgrade)::

> Upgrading to the next minor version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minor upgrade refers to upgrading to the next minor version, from X.Y to X.Y+1.
```

This is often referred to as a product migration, service pack migration, or SP migration.

> Such a minor upgrade is an upgrade from X.Y to X.Y+1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For example:

* From 4.2 to 4.3.

> If you take a closer look, you always upgrade from and to the latest patch level of the minor version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
====
You always upgrade from and to the latest patch level of the minor version.
====
```
